Update 100-event-loop.md (#1784)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/104-nodejs-async-programming/100-event-loop.md

> # Event loop
> 
> The NodeJs event loop explains how NodeJs can be asynchronous and have non-blocking I/O. It explains basically the "Killer Feature" of Nodejs.
> The call stack is LIFO(Last in, First out).
> The eventloop continously checks the call stack to see if there is any function that needs to run.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/event-loop-timers-and-nexttick/'>Nodejs website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.coursera.org/lecture/secure-full-stack-mean-developer/the-node-js-event-loop-j5fbT'>The Node.js Event Loop</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YgsqXlUoTM'>The Complete Node js: The Node js Event Loop</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/the-nodejs-event-loop/'>The NodeJS Event loop</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Loop

The Event Loop is one of the most critical aspects of Node.js. Why is this so important? Because it explains how Node.js can be asynchronous and have non-blocking I/O, it explains the "killer feature" of Node.js, which made it this successful.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/the-nodejs-event-loop/">The Node.JS Event Loop</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://dev.to/lydiahallie/javascript-visualized-event-loop-3dif">JavaScript Visualized: Event Loop</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.coursera.org/lecture/secure-full-stack-mean-developer/the-node-js-event-loop-j5fbT'>The Node.js Event Loop</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YgsqXlUoTM'>The Complete Node js: The Node js Event Loop</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/the-nodejs-event-loop/'>The NodeJS Event loop</BadgeLink>
```
